All right.
Are you ready for your boss level challenge?
This is going to be the first one, and in this challenge you're going to be building an app by yourself.
But here's what it does,
it's a Magic 8 Ball app, which you can ask to answer all of your difficult life questions, such as should
I work or should I watch Netflix?
Okay. So it says I have no idea for that question.
But think about all of your other life questions.
This app has a whole bunch of random images.
And every time you tap on the Magic 8 Ball, it'll give you a new answer.
Now you'll find these starting files including all of the images that you'll need to create this app
ready for you in the course resources.
And once you are ready, get started building it and test out to see if you've understood everything that
we've covered so far.
Good luck on your journey.
And I'll see you on the next module.